[~] adjust the discussion for pros/cons of pn spaces to Section 7 (#73)
mirjak/draft-lmbdhk-quic-multipath: draft-lmbdhk-quic-multipath.md

negotiation is ambiguous, they MUST be interpreted as acknowledging
packets sent on path 0.

Endpoints negotiate the use of one packet number space for all paths or
separate packet number spaces per path during the connection handshake
{{nego}}. While separate packet number spaces allow for more efficient
ACK encoding, especially when paths have highly different latencies,
this approach requires the use of a connection ID. Therefore use of
a single number space can be beneficial when endpoints use zero-length

> connection ID for less overhead, or in highly constrained networks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
connection ID for less overhead, e.g., in highly constrained networks
```

that do not benefit from exposing the connection ID in the header.

> 

Reviewer 2: I would drop the example in the last sentence. It implies that overhead is only an issue in "highly constrained" networks, while in practice Chrome does it to minimize aggregated overhead regardless of network constraints. Dropping the text from ", e.g., " to the final dot avoids speculation on why people do not like overhead.

Reviewer 2: Note that there are really 2 arguments for the single space approach. Overhead is one, but "fewer code changes" is another. So I would say "this approach requires the use of a connection ID and also more changes from QUIC version 1."

Author: I deleted the example after "e.g.". 

"more changes from QUIC version 1" depends on the specific implementation, as multiple PN spaces could keep the loss detect and ack arrangement part unchanged.
So maybe we can learn from more implementations and I prefer not to draw the conclusion too early.
